Fix suspendmanager preentively suspending jobs (#688)
DFHack/scripts: changelog.txt

## Fixes
- `deteriorate`: ensure remains of enemy dwarves are properly deteriorated

> - `suspendmanager`: Fix actively suspending jobs that could still be tentatively done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `suspendmanager`: Fix over-aggressive suspension of jobs that could still possibly be done (e.g. jobs that are partially submerged in water)
```
